hello hi hello hi
oh ok
[Music]
we need an incredible band to support us
on our next tour
they became the biggest girl group in
the world and they've now flipped it
over and
now we're gonna go find another group
one two three four five four three two
one
hello you remind us a bit of jt
yeah i don't know who that is justin
timberlake
wow this makes us feel so old
[Applause]
and as you started moving that's when
your vocal lacked a bit
i don't know what you are listening to
but i think you were vocally the
strongest we've seen today i think i've
got disagree pairs i'm on the edge of my
seat
i can feel a split coming up just
goodbye
it's so much harder for us to judge than
like the usual judges on these shores
because we've
been there now it's time for the next
big test
no more excuses we can see the potential
in you all
and we don't want yourselves to get in
your way by having a bad attitude
[Applause]
[Music]
there could be a group forming now that
is going to have the same experience
that we had
is this the lineup i feel like it is it
has to be
[Music]